SSF RX onboarding (#5540)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/configure-ssf-receiver/main/index.md

---
title: Configure an SSF receiver and publish a SET

> excerpt: Find out how to register your third-party security vendors in Okta to continuously share security information with Okta to prevent security threats to your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Register your third-party security vendors in Okta to continuously share security information with Okta and prevent security threats to your users.
```

Reviewer: suggesting this revision to cut down the number of "to" phrases

layout: Guides
---

Configure security events providers in Okta that represent your third-party providers, enabling continuous sharing of security information with Okta to mitigate security threats.

---

#### Learning outcome

Understand how to configure a security events provider in Okta to receive transmitted signals from published security event tokens (SET). Then, create a SET and test sending it to Okta.

#### What you need

* [Okta Integrator Free Plan org](https://developer.okta.com/signup)
* Your configured Okta org with the Identity Threat Protection feature enabled. Contact your Okta customer support representative to enable this feature.

---

## About third-party security events

Okta uses the [Shared Signals Framework (SSF)](https://openid.net/wg/sharedsignals/) standard to ingest security-related events and other data-subject signals from third-party provider apps that support the same framework.

> You can use the Okta [SSF Receiver API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SSFReceiver/) to register third-party providers in Okta. This enables Okta to receive security signals from provider apps using the SSF. The SSF helps create a network between your third-party security vendor apps, continuously sharing security information with Okta. This helps prevent and mitigate security threats to your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Okta [SSF Receiver API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SSFReceiver/) to register third-party providers in Okta. This enables Okta to receive security signals from provider apps using the SSF. The SSF helps create a network between your third-party security vendor apps, continuously sharing security information with Okta. This helps prevent security threats to your users.
```

Reviewer: thinking that if you prevent a threat you don't need to mitigate it?

   stUUgaVNHOl5tew3KborjZRKYoTNDrz46Y3mwXNsZeUttSTuPSObi5ZdEIuiUfbmMYALwJwbk58ZNUoCmhzVYmixRlE6zG<br>
   rF-oVtshwHU2vWg5X2MaMiNqurZJeBgn2xcIj5Npjnarz7aEUgYYmSYldkE2lAXE9-Ezrm2hOsQYVDo2mvVQ7D6Dow6sSxROe<br>
   obH9GnZeC_a13IpZxmiqInqnfdyBrA`

6. Save the encoded JWT (the SET) in the **Encoded** section for testing in Postman.

## Send a Security Event Token to Okta

Use the SSF Security Event Tokens API to test sending a SET to your org.

1. From Postman, use the following request to send a SET to your org:

    **Send Security Events**
    `POST {{url}}/security/api/v1/security-events`

2. In the request **Body** tab, select `raw`.
3. Paste the SET (encoded JWT format) that you created previously from [Create a SET for testing](#create-a-set-for-testing).
4. Click **Send**.

    If the SET message is valid, an HTTP 202 (accepted) code is returned. From the Admin Console, you can see security events in the System Log details as `Partner reported risk`.

    ![An image that displays the System Log details from the Admin Console for a partner reported risk](/img/partner_reported_risk.png)

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```
